All right, so it's time.
It's time to use everything
we've done in this course so
far to build our own little
mini framework library.
Frameworks and
libraries are similar concepts,
although frameworks are a more complex.
But for the purposes of this course we're
going to talk about them as if they were
the exact same thing.
Because we're focusing on structure.
Not so much what it does.
So let's build our own
mini-framework/library.
And let's build something that you could
use in a project if you wanted to or
in many projects.
All right, let's do something first, that
we need to do for any software project.
Let's look at the requirements.
What should the software do?
Well, first of all, what is our little
framework library going to be called?
Let's call it greetr.
All this time in this course we've
been using greet as a example,
and I like to use those simple examples
because we can focus on the concept and
not get lost in the implementation.
But now let's formalize it.
Let's say we wanted to build a library or
frame work that helps us give greetings.
Maybe for when I'm on a website and
someone logs in I can show them
a greeting after they login in the upper
right corner or right after they log in.
And maybe I'd like to do it in
different languages, depending on
what language they choose, their
preferred language in the application.
Something like that.
Let's do the official requirements.
When I'm given a first name, a last
name and an optional language, it should
generate formal and informal greetings
that I could use throughout my app.
It should support both English and
Spanish languages for starters.
It should be reusable,
meaning that it won't interfere with any
of the other JavaScript code in my app,
and someone else can just grab it and
use it in their apps.
And lastly,
even though it's called greetr,
I'd like to have an easy to type
structure, kind of jQuery like, and
a G$, maybe,
like the dollar sign for jQuery.
Let's do G$.
Oh, and one more thing.
All my developers use jQuery
on a lot of their projects.
So greetr should also support jQuery.
Even though it returns greetings what we'd
like is to be able to give it a jQuery
object that points at some HTML element.
And it'll fill that
element with the greeting.
So I could just pass my greetr,
let's say a div or
a span in my HTML that just contains text.
And it'll fill that with my
appropriate greeting text.
All right, so that's the requirement
of our greetr framework/library.
Let's go build it.